Hold it.
It's OK.
The airline has literally
never had a single accident
in its entire existence.
Sorry.
husband's a nervous flyer.
Good night.
Just breathe. Abdullah.
Find something to hold
with both hands.
[siren wailing]
That's OK.
No. the... the seat you have
is better anyway.
[ominous music]
You know what'll help?
Honey. you're fine.
Try to use headphones.
Ask the flight attendant...
[shouts]
[screaming]
♪
So how many more days
is Ramadan?
Uh. including today.
28 more days.
Oof. a month without coffee.
Well. I can have it
when the sun goes down.
if I don't want to sleep.
But other than that. just no
food or drink during the day.
It's easy.
Why are you observing now?
You haven't the whole time
I've known you.
I don't know.
After Gemma and I broke up.
I started meditating again.
And fasting is a form
of meditation.
It lowers the volume on
everything so I can think.
About how hungry you are?
Hey. Sal.
Hey. Maggie.
Can I get my coffee and
cinnamon raisin bagel today?
$20.
That's steep.
I've been robbed twice
in the past month.
first in Brownsville
and then here.
They swiped the register
while I was throwing out
the coffee grinds.
[phone buzzing]
- I'm sorry to hear that.
Are you gonna... you got it.
Hey.
Did you call the cops?
Yeah. a lot of good
that did me. right?
Yeah. I hear you.
OK.
OK. Keep us posted.
[phone beeps]
There was a body dumped under
the LIE. federal employee.
Scola and Eva are headed
over there now.
Thank you.
- OK.
Hey.
Sorry for running late.
Just talked to NYPD.
Sanitation worker found
a body around 6:00 AM.
Medical ID badge says
she's a doctor.
Saima Khan. psychiatrist
at the Southport VA.
Southport?
That's one of the
busiest VAs in New York.
Unless you're there
three hours after they closed.
She left around 9:00.
never made it to her car.
She parked
less than a block away.
Couldn't have been more
than a minute's walk.
No cameras?
No cameras.
Well. we got a shot to the head.
and then this type of bruising
suggests the other impacts
were at least four hours
earlier before she was shot.
There's more.
See this hand?
[tense music]
Yeah. it's been burned.
I don't know if
that's knowledge of pain points
or what. but whoever did this
wanted to inflict
maximum suffering.
So they abducted her
from outside her work.
they tortured her all night.
and then they killed her.
and they dumped her here.
Someone had it out for her
in a bad way.
[indistinct shouting]
Please. Saima!
No. no!
Please! Please!
No!
Saima! Please!
Please!
I hate this part.
Mr. Khan. we're gonna do
everything we can
to find out the person
who did this. OK?
Why won't you let me see her?
We're still processing
the scene right now.
And to be honest with you.
you don't want to see her
like this.
- [groans]
- Were you able to hear
any other voice on the phone?
No. not a word.
just her screaming.
After that.
I-I heard a car drive off.
But my connection dropped
when the plane started moving.
Can you think of anyone
that might have wanted
to hurt your wife?
None of this would have happened
if the VA just listened to us.
We told them he would come back.
He's obsessed with her.
You told them
who would come back?
All right. folks. so last
night. a VA psychiatrist.
Dr. Saima Kahn. was abducted
and then found dead
this morning.
Six years with the VA.
According to the head
of the department.
she was as good as they come...
devoted. caring.
Anyway. her husband tipped us
off to a former patient
as a suspect. Luke Williams.
Yeah. What do we got on him?
Combat medic.
did two tours in Afghanistan.
Three months ago. Dr. Khan put
Williams in an involuntary hold
for severe PTSD with
secondary psychosis
after he confessed
to her in therapy
that he almost strangled his
roommate during a night terror.
OK. so she used his confession
to have him committed.
I'm sure that upset him.
but I don't know.
enough to kill the good doctor?
After the 72-hour hold.
Khan asked the court
to extend it for 60 days.
When Williams was released.
he lost his job.
Uh. there's no record
of any new leases.
probably couldn't afford
to sign one.
Which would make him unhoused.
And he blames Khan
for the loss of his livelihood.
definitely enough for motive.
Cameras show Williams kept
showing up at the hospital.
demanding to see Dr. Khan.
O-OK. so he was looking for
a chance to confront her.
Williams has a gun
registered to him
that matches the caliber
of the murder weapon.
It was set to be confiscated
during his psych hold
under the New York CARE Act.
but they've been backlogged.
Where's Williams now?
His phone is pinging
East Brooklyn.
[tense music]
♪
Look. Scola. there he is.
- Luke Williams. FBI.
We need a word.
- What do you want?
I'm eating.
We just want to ask you
a few questions. all right?
Can you come with us?
No.
No. I'm not going with you.
I'm not going.
- Gun. Hey! Hey.
Up against the wall.
[shouts] Assault!
- Hands behind your back.
- Police brutality!
Police brutality!
- You're hurting him.
What did he do?
Ma'am. please step back.
He was just sitting here.
You gonna grab him like that?
Ma'am. this is for your safety.
Please. step back. ma'am.
Yeah. I'm recording.
We're recording.
Now. come on. This ain't right.
It ain't right.
You had a 9-millimeter pistol
in your possession.
Mr. Williams.
Concealed carry is illegal
in New York
without a pistol license.
which you don't have.
I don't got anywhere else
to keep it.
Where were you last night
at 9:00 PM?
I can't remember.
A judge is not going to
accept that as an answer.
So you might want to try
a little harder.
This is me trying. man.
My PTSD's got me all mixed up.
I remember a screeching tire
set me off
with a whopping migraine. where
I could barely walk straight.
So I go. OK. time for the pills.
But they're not
exactly cotton candy.
Next thing I know.
I'm three stops down.
no clue how I got there.
Look. I know a lot of guys
that have been where you are.
But you are gonna need to try
and point to someone
who can tell us where you were
at 9:00 PM last night.
a bartender. a landlord. something.
Well. I don't have anyone.
just my shrink. Dr. Khan.
Until she stopped feeling
safe being your psychiatrist.
That's not true.
She stopped being my doctor
because we're gonna be together.
She's getting divorced. too.
How are you gonna be together
if she's dead?
She's...
She's dead?
Here's what I think happened.
I think you mistook the therapy
that Dr. Khan gave you
for an emotional connection
that you didn't actually have.
And when you were forced
to confront that reality.
you lost control.
[scoffs]
You think that I killed her?
Dr. Khan was tortured in
a way to inflict maximum pain
before she was killed.
That is knowledge that you
would have as a field medic.
I would never hurt Dr. Khan.
You were removed multiple
times from the hospital.
You tried to break in
to confront her
after she put you
in an involuntary hold.
It was after her therapy
that I could actually
get some sleep.
real sleep.
Do you know how many shrinks
I've had?
I mean. too freaking many.
But Dr. Khan was different.
We had a connection.
I wouldn't ever hurt her.
I swear.
If that was true. Luke.
she would have told security
to let you in.
It was the system
that kept us apart.
I had to get creative if I was
going to tell her how I felt.
That's it.
That's where I was last night.
Brooks' Burgers.
It's a restaurant
in Hell's Kitchen.
It's her favorite spot.
I was waiting there for her.
but she never showed.
- Excuse me. FBI.
Special Agent Bell.
This is Special Agent Zidan.
Did you see this man
last night around 9:00 PM?
Oh. yeah.
That guy was in here
all night till closing.
That booth over there.
One cup of coffee.
only tipped $0.50.
I mean. what am I gonna do
with that?
Was he with this woman?
Uh. he said this was her
favorite restaurant.
You recognize her?
She's a regular. Sa...
Saima. right?
- Mm-hmm.
She wasn't here last night.
But I did see her in here
two days ago
for lunch with some guy.
OK. was it with this guy.
her husband?
No. not him.
Look. what two adults do
is their own business.
I am not trying
to jam anybody up.
Uh. did they pay
with credit card?
Mm-hmm.
We're gonna need
to see that receipt.
- Hey. Jubal?
- Yeah?
We got a name off that
credit card receipt
the diner sent over.
Aziz Khalil. 44.
He's an Imam down at
the North Brooklyn Mosque.
Yeah. I've been digging into
the Imam on his socials.
Uh. he's a bit of a celebrity
in the New York Muslim
community.
- Hey. Jubal?
- Yeah?
North Brooklyn Mosque
has popped recently
on several open
NYPD investigations.
OK. what do you got?
We got two missing
persons reports.
both in the last six weeks.
Both of them are women
who attend the mosque.
Laila Dani and Yasmeen Hakeem.
O-OK. so our Imam shares
a meal with our murder victim
shortly before two of his
female congregants go missing.
Let's see if we can
tighten that thread.
Hold on.
These women didn't
just attend the mosque.
They were generous donors.
Oh. yeah. big fans.
And they weren't just fans
of the Imam.
He was a fan of theirs.
I ran their names through the
auto-generated transcripts
of the Imam's YouTube sermons
the week before Yasmeen
disappeared.
"Thank you to Yasmeen Hakeem
for your generous donation
"to the Sadaqa program.
May Allah protect her."
OK. so... so he knew
them both personally.
He gave him a shout-out
in his sermons.
But one murder and two
missing persons reports
don't make a pattern.
- Eh. what if they did?
According to our reports.
these women were last seen
at work. disappeared at night.
They haven't been seen since.
The only difference between
this and Dr. Khan's case
is we found her body.
All right. let's get ERT back
to that crime scene
under the overpass. see if
any other bodies turn up.
If they do. we could be dealing
with a serial killer
preying on women
in the Muslim community.
[dramatic music]
We ask you to grant maghfirah
on sister Laila Dani's mother.
Seema.
who is in the hospital
right now.
- [congregants] Ameen!
- OK. yeah.
that's a prayer called a dua.
Bigger groups amplify the
chances of the prayer coming
true. so the Imam
will give one of those
at the end of every sermon.
Now. he mentioned each
of our missing women.
including Dr. Khan.
but before they went missing.
So what if he's choosing
the women
in front of a live audience
to make them feel special?
Then he invites him in
for a one-on-one meeting
where they're vulnerable.
then goes in for the kill.
I mean. it's possible. but he
did mention other women. too.
and they're perfectly fine.
Yeah. all... all our evidence
is circumstantial.
OK. then. if we're gonna
take a swing at this guy.
let's start by talking to
people that sit with him
week in and week out
that know him.
not this video
or his public persona.
My sister was a hardcore
follower of Imam Aziz.
She checked his
YouTube page daily.
You're not as big a fan.
I take it?
He put on a good front.
But after
we reported her missing.
her husband. Khaled.
went to the Imam.
He wanted to make
an announcement
after Friday's Juma prayer.
ask if anyone had seen her.
And the Imam refused?
He said it was a police matter.
It seemed strange.
Why wouldn't he mention
Yasmeen by name?
Khaled and I didn't understand.
Why would he refuse?
We're actually gonna talk
to her husband tomorrow.
when he gets back into town.
He's been looking for
a private investigator
that can help us.
The police are not doing enough.
This has devastated my family.
every hour.
living with the terror of
not knowing what's happened.
Ms. Hakeem.
do you know if your sister
had any sort of a. um.
more intense relationship
with the Imam?
I've been suspicious
ever since she told me
about this weekly women's-only
Halaqa he's been running.
It's a Islamic study group.
no men allowed.
except the Imam himself.
And is that normal?
No.
And Yasmeen didn't seem to care.
She even took private meetings
in his office with him.
And now that she's missing.
he's not even concerned.
like he never even knew her.
How long has your sister
known this Imam?
He came from Dearborn
four months ago.
Everyone seems to like him.
but something's not right.
Please.
whatever happened to my sister.
we just want to know.
- I appreciate it.
Hey. guys.
so the Imam just jumped
to the top of the board.
JOC looked into his history
in Dearborn.
and there is another
homicide investigation
of a Muslim woman still open.
Now. I'm still waiting
for the chief investigator
to call me back.
but Imam Aziz.
he fits the timeline.
Sorry. OA.
I know you don't want
to hear that.
It's OK.
If women are missing.
if people are dying.
we got to get to
the bottom of it.
It doesn't matter who he is.
So you think the Imam came to
Brooklyn to escape accusations?
It's possible.
There's no central authority
that places Imams.
They're freelancers.
They go to whatever
mosque will pay.
and mosques don't usually
talk to each other.
especially from other states.
So where do we start?
Where he lives. the mosque.
I-in order to get proof.
we're gonna have to go in.
OK. well. there should be
an all-women's study group
or a Halaqa.
if we get someone in there.
someone that can get close
to him.
I think I've got our gal.
Hey. you need help?
I'm OK. thanks.
I actually went through
a hijab phase in college.
so muscle memory is still there.
Zara Ushruf.
OA Zidan. Nice to meet you.
OA stands for?
Omar Adom.
Come on.
You're telling me none of the
agents could pronounce Omar?
Or are you just one
of those purists
that doesn't want the "ein"
in your name butchered?
No. it's just a nickname.
Someone gave it to me
at the Bureau.
It stuck faster
than I could blink.
Um. you speak Arabic?
Just. uh. what I remember
from Sunday school.
a couple insults
and pick-up lines
the MSA boys would use on me
in college.
Any of them actually work?
You're welcome to find out
at your own risk. Omar.
My partner. Maggie Bell.
- Hi.
- Hi. Zara.
Nice to meet you.
Jubal speaks highly of you.
- You as well.
You running the play?
- Yes.
The Imam is holding
a women's-only Halaqa
in two hours.
So the plan is we're gonna
send you in a little bit later.
hopefully making you
an easy target.
And then he'll invite you
for the one-on-one meeting.
And while you are
distracting him.
I will be inside
on a sneak-and-peek warrant
in his office
and living quarters.
seeing if I can find
any evidence
that he actually abducted
these women.
So I'm the bait?
Well. I mean. federally trained.
weapons-qualified bait.
What do you think?
Will he bite?
Who wouldn't?
[dramatic music]
♪
Approaching the mosque now.
Looks like noon prayer
just ended.
Halaqa should be starting soon.
Zara's already inside.
♪
There's too many eyes
in here right now.
I'm gonna wait a minute.
let it clear out
before I head
to the Imam's office.
Copy.
I'll head over to the
Sisters section in a second.
get eyes on the Halaqa.
It's midday.
and it's not even Friday.
This is way more crowded
than I expected it to be.
Omar?
Habibi!
Amou Hisham!
[speaking Arabic]
Good to see you in the masjid.
What brings you to Brooklyn?
A cousin's friend
is moving to New York.
I told him I'd check out
the mosque.
see if the Islamic school has
any openings for his kids.
When he comes.
give him my number.
I can show him around.
Are you coming over
for Iftar on Saturday?
- Uh. I'll try. Inshallah.
- Good.
You should meet
my friend's daughter. Saher.
She just finished her
master's degree at Cornell.
Cornell?
[speaking Arabic]
Yeah. well.
I should check out the school.
OK. Ma'Salaama. habib.
Ma'Salaama.
Well. so much for being
inconspicuous. OA.
It's my uncle's friend.
I had no idea he went here.
Is that common
for your community.
people trying to set you up?
Yeah.
Like. all the time.
It is funny.
They fear the hijab. yet all
their nuns wear hijabs too.
[chuckles]
Are you here for
the Halaqa. sister?
Yes. Am I late?
That's all right.
We're used to people thinking
it's Desi Standard Time.
[laughter]
Take a seat.
Tell us your name
and where you're from.
Uh. Zara.
I'm just visiting from Dallas.
Oh. that's wonderful.
The Qalam Institute is
doing great things there.
You ever see my brother. YQ?
[tense music]
♪
Um...
Zara. he means Yasir Qadhi.
Yes.
Uh. Yasir Qadhi
is an amazing speaker.
He gave the Eid Khutbah
last year.
We don't have any imams
quite as eloquent as Yasir.
So you'll have to make do
with me.
[gentle laughter]
Well. we were just talking
about the prophet
Sallah-Allahu-Alayhi-Wa-Sallam.
OK. OA.
Zara's with the Imam now.
You're clear to go.
Copy.
[dramatic music]
♪
I'm in.
Some say Waraqah was
the first convert to Islam.
Others say no. the Prophet's
wife. Khadija was the first.
But I'm not gonna
get into all that.
[laughter]
What's important is
this frail old man
knew what the blessings were
because he knew the reward
would be worth it.
♪
Hang on.
That's weird.
His Quran's on
his reading stand.
Mm. what's weird about that?
Well. it's too high
for him to actually read it.
It would either be on his desk.
where he could read it.
or in the case. unless...
♪
Waraqah knew
hard times were ahead.
and still he said.
"I wish I could struggle
by your side.
O Muhammad."
I found a key.
[dramatic music]
♪
Oh. my God.
Maggie.
the key unlocks a locked drawer
with two passports in it.
Yasmeen Hakeem and Laila Dani.
our missing women.
Why does he have their
passports in his office?
♪
That's not it.
There's also a woman's shirt.
It's bloodstained.
Sisters. it's Ramadan.
so we're going to stop early.
Let's pick this up next week.
[speaking Arabic]
Zara.
you need to run interference.
OA's still in his office.
♪
Imam Aziz. sorry.
Yes. Sister Zara?
I. um.
I actually came here
looking for some advice.
advice I didn't want
getting back to Dallas.
[phone buzzes]
I'm sure people come to you
with this concern all the time.
[phone buzzing]
But it's where I find myself.
Lately. when I pray. I...
I find my mind wanders.
like I'm on autopilot.
I'm so sorry. Sister Zara.
but we'll have to continue this
another time.
Assalamu-Alaikum.
If I could actually
have another moment.
Soon. Inshallah.
♪
OA. the Imam is headed
towards you right now.
You... you can't leave.
You can't exit.
He's gonna see you.
You gotta hide in there.
Where?
♪
He grabbed his jacket.
I think he's leaving the mosque.
[phone buzzes]
Guys. news just broke that
Dr. Khan's body was found.
He's probably going
to eliminate evidence.
We got to go.
[dramatic music]
♪
I got him.
Jubal. the Imam's
heading east on foot.
He looks to be in a hurry.
♪
All right. let us know
when the Imam closes in
on an address.
♪
Jubal. it's a brownstone.
Looks like there's
a guard outside.
67 West.
67 West. pulling it up now.
OK. one of the registered
occupants...
- Yeah?
- Dr. Saima Kahn.
What?
That can't be a coincidence.
He's going inside.
So are we.
FBI.
Hands up. right now.
Hands up.
Go down.
Move. Hands behind your back.
Keep your mouth shut.
♪
Let's go.
FBI!
Don't move.
Show me your hands.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Who else is back there?
Open the door.
It's not what you think.
Now!
- Open it.
- Move.
Please.
no one needs to get hurt.
- You're OK.
You're OK.
We're FBI.
You guys are safe now.
Jubal. we found Yasmeen. Laila.
and there's a third woman.
- [grunts]
- No!
What are you doing to him?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
The Imam is keeping us safe.
He's protecting us.
Protecting you?
From who?
♪
Yasmeen.
we're all relieved that you
and the other women
were found alive and safe.
But we do have a few questions
we need to ask you.
Now. you said that the Imam
was helping keep you safe.
From who?
Our husbands.
I'm sorry. Amani.
There were rules
we had to follow.
I couldn't tell anyone I was
leaving him. not even you.
Yasmeen.
your husband.
was he violent?
Not at first.
Khaled controlled all our money.
told me where
I was allowed to go.
If I disobeyed him.
he got so angry.
It went on for years.
Then a few weeks ago.
it got worse.
He hit you?
Oh. Yasmeen. I am so sorry.
Yasmeen.
the reason that we're asking
is that Dr. Khan was found
murdered this morning.
What?
No.
Was she helping Imam Aziz
keep you guys
hidden in the house?
Her... her name was on the lease.
And you want to know if my
husband could have killed her?
[tense music]
♪
Yes.
- Am I in trouble?
- No. No.
I just wanted us to have
a private place to speak.
I was hoping you could tell me
how you ended up
in the safe house.
I'm good.
Thanks.
Maybe you feel like
I won't be able to understand
your situation.
Try me.
My situation is my business.
It's a little
more complicated now.
We're trying to figure out
who killed Dr. Kahn.
And I know that
all those other women
who were in that safe house
had husbands
that they were hiding from.
But you're not married.
Aaliyah.
who are you hiding from?
Is it possible that that person
could have murdered Dr. Khan?
I'd like to leave now.
OK. Aaliyah. please.
I'm really sorry about
what happened to her.
But I can't help you.
May I go now?
The only place
Khaled would let me go.
no questions asked.
was the mosque.
So one day. I showed up late
with my nose broken.
my shirt still soaked
with blood.
The same shirt that we found
in his private office?
Yes.
He asked to keep it as evidence
in case I decided
to press charges.
But I just wanted out.
And Imam Aziz promised to help.
And that's why
he had your passport.
Passport?
You were going to leave us?
There were no good options.
In these situations.
there never really are.
I suppose now. you think it's
typical of a Muslim community.
No. actually. I don't.
because I've seen it myself.
in every community.
♪
If my husband did this.
you have to stop him.
Maggie just finished
her interviews
with the last of the women
we found.
The Imam's definitely
not our killer.
Yeah. I know.
The Dearborn police chief
just reached out.
That homicide
from four months ago.
they're looking into
the husbands now.
We did the best we could
with the information we had.
My gut just told me
something was off.
and I should have
listened to it.
Your gut is also
very hungry right now.
It's the coffee I miss the most.
Well. you can't have a coffee
without an egg and cheese
on a roll.
buttered on both sides.
extra hot sauce.
ketchup oozing out of the back
with every bite.
- You're a...
you're a monster. Zara.
You've been out of the game.
You just started fasting again.
And how on Earth
can you tell that?
- I'm not a monster.
I'm just observant.
We're gonna get justice
for Dr. Khan.
We just have to build on
what we have.
We know that she was helping
the Imam keep the women safe.
The killer has to be
one of their husbands.
Well. the JOC is looking
into their alibis.
and NYPD is being looped into
dropped spousal abuse charges.
but...
Something's still bothering you?
The third woman. Aaliyah Idris.
She doesn't match the pattern.
Not married.
Or declared missing.
Maggie did say
when she asked her
who she was hiding from.
she clammed up.
[tense music]
OK. so what if the reason
that Aaliyah Idris was hiding
in the safe house
is the same reason
why Dr. Khan was murdered?
We have to press her.
♪
Maggie.
did you release Aaliyah yet?
Aaliyah?
Aaliyah. hang on.
We're on your side.
Keep telling yourself that.
You were in the safe house
for a reason.
You're running from
something or someone.
Dr. Khan was protecting you.
and it probably cost her
her life.
You could die.
You are safe with us.
but if you leave our custody.
we cannot protect you.
You think
the FBI can protect me?
I do.
This is what we're trained for.
Aaliyah. let us help you.
♪
You want to stop me?
Then you'll have to arrest me.
♪
All right then.
OK. she wants to take
her chances without us.
It's suicide.
I'm gonna call the JOC and
get some surveillance on her.
We need to figure out
who she's running from.
Well.
I know someone we could ask.
but he's not gonna be happy
to see us.
I can't believe you're back.
Imam Aziz. we understand
that you're upset with us.
Upset?
We need to know why you
were hiding Aaliyah Idris.
You spied on us here.
in my office. in our mosque.
Hey.
I was just doing my job.
If you had any questions.
you could have just asked.
But now. I'll have to tell
my congregants the truth
that you were here.
And they might think twice
about coming to the mosque
next time if they're afraid of
ending up on an FBI watch list.
You poisoned our community.
OK. OK.
You were trying to help Aaliyah.
And we're doing the same thing.
And we still think
that she's in danger.
So if you care about her at all.
let us know what's going on.
[dramatic music]
♪
I discovered
Aaliyah hiding out
late one night
in the Sisters section.
But she wasn't running
from domestic violence
like the others. was she?
- No.
She had become inconvenient
to powerful people.
She claimed that
she witnessed a murder.
She cleans houses.
And last week.
she saw a wealthy man
forcibly thrown down the
stairs. his head bashed in.
Aaliyah fled. but the killer
saw her drive off.
Why didn't she go to the police?
This client was high up
in the government.
And this attacker
didn't hesitate
to kill him in his own home.
Whoever's behind this.
they live above the law.
OK. well. this killer
might have tortured
and murdered Dr. Khan
trying to find Aaliyah
and your safe house.
And you might be in danger. too.
I suggest you enter
FBI protection
until we find the killer.
I'm not the one you
should be concerned for.
It's Aaliyah.
♪
Well. then help us protect her.
Who's the client?
♪
This is Andrew Davis.
the New York City
Gaming Commissioner.
Now. if Aaliyah's account
is to be believed.
the NYPD ME's report
is inaccurate.
Davis did not accidentally die.
He was murdered.
So who would want him dead
and why?
Well. Davis was about
to give the city's very last
multi-billion-dollar
casino license.
If it starts with a B.
it means motive.
It was speculated that
he was gonna award the license
to the Shelstad Group...
it's a multi-billion-dollar
casino company...
but since Davis's death.
that decision's up in the air.
Right. which means
our runaway witness
is somebody's
billion-dollar liability.
somebody willing to do
whatever it takes
to get that casino license.
including killing Dr. Khan
in their search for the one
witness that can stop him.
Where's Aaliyah now?
Pole cams picked her up
heading west in Midtown.
She's been sticking
to public places.
safety in numbers. I guess.
- Uh. hey. Jubal.
- What?
This is interesting.
Aaliyah just posted
to her Facebook page.
She wrote.
"I want to live my life.
What can I do
to be left alone?"
Has she made any recent posts?
- No.
That is the first one in weeks.
Is it me or does it sound like
she's sending up a signal flare?
To who?
To whoever killed Andrew Davis.
Maybe she's trying
to make a deal.
She knows
he's been hunting for her
and that he'd likely be
monitoring her social media.
- [notification beeps]
- Hey.
looks like someone
already responded.
Aaliyah just got a DM.
From a dummy profile.
no followers.
no photos. created today.
They only sent one message.
10 numbers.
It's got to be a phone number.
[beeping]
It's a burner.
How much you want to bet
we find whoever's
on the other end of that number.
we find our killer?
[dramatic music]
♪
OK. we're going on 10 minutes
that Aaliyah has been standing
in this crowded intersection.
She's smart.
Dr. Khan's killer
knows that she's here.
and he won't be able to get
to her without any witnesses.
Fine. but
this crowd's gonna
thin out eventually.
It would be a lot easier
to keep her safe
if she had just accepted
the FBI's help.
Instead. we have to
tail her from afar.
♪
Aaliyah's got a phone.
She's making a call.
OK. are we getting anything
from that number
that was messaged
to Aaliyah on Facebook?
Yeah. it's just now pinging
on the Upper West Side.
right when Aaliyah
started her call.
Are there any cams
on that street?
Negative.
I'm filtering through
nearest available pole cams.
But without knowing more
about who we're looking for...
Yeah. what about the phone?
Can... can we run back its usage?
- Yes.
It was purchased at a bodega
a week ago.
It has since pinged
here. here. and here.
That's the Gaming
Commissioner's house.
four days ago.
Aaliyah's residence.
three days ago.
and the VA hospital last night.
OK. the pattern
speaks for itself.
We found Dr. Khan's killer.
Can we ID him?
The bodega sold
six phones that day.
I've been running every buyer
through facial rec.
I've been reading into
their backgrounds.
- Yeah.
- Most likely.
we're looking at this man.
- OK. uh. Nathaniel Boja.
What's his deal?
He popped on the Asian OC
squad's radar.
He's wanted as a suspect
in two open homicides.
Yeah. he's been affiliated
with a Filipino gang
here in New York.
In the Philippines.
criminals have been known
to use torture methods.
like burning fingers.
exactly the way Dr. Khan died.
Keep track of that phone.
And I want a BOLO out
on Nathaniel Boja now.
♪
Heads up.
Check your phone.
JOC's ID'd our killer.
Nathaniel Boja.
♪
Phone call's over.
Jubal. looks like Aaliyah
just fished out
some SD cards
from a newspaper stand.
Does that mean anything to you?
Yeah. it's all coming
into focus now.
Police reports
from Andrew Davis's house
indicate the security cams
were all conveniently
missing SD cards.
So Aaliyah witnessed the murder
and then stole the SD cards.
Why would she do that?
- Well. my first guess is
to erase herself from them.
OK. so she has proof
of a murder.
She should have
given that to us.
Aaliyah's on the move again.
We're gonna follow.
[dramatic music]
♪
I got eyes on Aaliyah.
She's got company.
That's Boja.
What if she's trading the SD
cards in exchange for her life?
What's to stop him
from killing her
the second he gets his hands
on them?
♪
You bring the SD cards?
All of 'em.
How can I be sure
you didn't copy the footage?
I don't want to spend
the rest of my life
looking over my shoulder.
wondering when you
or the next guy
is gonna come for me.
You made the right decision.
Now. give me the memory cards.
How do I know
you'll keep your promise?
You just have to trust me.
♪
But if you back out now.
well.
there's an easier way
to make you stay quiet.
♪
FBI. don't move!
Show us your hands. now!
- You set us up.
- No.
No. I didn't. I didn't know.
They must have followed me.
Show us your hands!
[dramatic music]
♪
[tense music]
[gunfire]
♪
- I'm gonna go after her.
Cover me.
Go.
[gunshots]
[dramatic music]
♪
[gunshot]
[gunshots]
[screams]
[gun clicks]
♪
[machinery rumbling]
[quietly] Go. go. go. go.
go. go. go. go.
♪
Move. move. move.
Good job.
♪
Maggie. I'm at a laundromat
across the street.
♪
[gunshots]
I gotta go after OA.
Cover me.
- Go.
[gunshots]
[suspenseful music]
♪
Aaliyah. are you OK?
- Mm-hmm.
- Where is he?
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
♪
[gunshot]
You OK?
Nice shot. Bell.
[tense music]
♪
I did nothing wrong.
Why are you arresting me?
You concealed evidence
of a murder.
That's a felony.
You should have trusted
the system. Aaliyah.
We would have protected you.
Well. it doesn't feel like it.
Well. there are still rules.
and you broke them.
So you just pretend to care.
♪
Hey. we get anything from
Aaliyah's SD card?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
It's not pretty.
- No.
No. please don't do this.
If you had just
given it to Tengku.
we wouldn't have to do this.
[grunts]
Stop it right there.
Did he say "Tengku"?
- Tengku International.
A Malaysian company.
Maybe you've heard of them
because
they just secured the city's
very last casino license.
Davis's replacement
just made the announcement.
I'm sorry. that's it?
They wanted their bid
to go through.
the commissioner
wouldn't give it to them.
so he had him killed?
It worked.
- Well. no. it's not over yet.
We have this footage.
I'm gonna reach out
to Interpol. LEGAT. CIA.
and we're gonna put Tengku
and all their cronies
on the radar.
I'm not gonna hold my breath
for someone to make that case.
A Muslim doctor is murdered.
We burned ourselves
to an entire community.
all so that a guy
halfway around the globe
could get a casino license?
Wild ride.
But we did get the guy that
committed the actual murder.
so it's not nothing.
[phone chimes]
6:18. sunset.
No more shop talk.
Let's eat.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Three fasts down.
27 to go.
Maybe 26 for me.
I use moonsighting method.
See. that's what
I don't understand.
This is one of the biggest
holidays in the world.
and we all can't agree on when
it starts or when it ends.
And that's why we celebrate
Eid twice in my household.
I think I'm gonna head back
to the mosque. though.
try and apologize.
You need backup?
There's nothing
you need to apologize for?
Just want to come
for moral support?
My mother told me.
never apologize
and never bring your wallet
on a first date.
It's a first date.
Technically. we did go
undercover together.
so it is more like
a second date.
Ah. second date. OK.
Actions speak louder than words.
I think showing up for the Imam.
he will understand.
And I'd love to come with you.
OK. fine.
You can come with me.
But first. we need more kibbeh
and more macarona bechamel.
Is that so?
Unless you're in a rush.
No. no rush.
OK.
But technically.
we've had three dates today.
This is my fourth.
[laughs]
What about a double date?
- That's bad.
- It's good!
[laughing] It's really bad.
It's good.
♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]